yes
gustavo i 'm from riise today i'm a hundred
one hundred Galician
since I was little you see your
family your parents at home being the
tute bacteria injured with a large
advance to no
the batteries are made of beams
wood is generally eucalyptus is the
material more resistant to bending
of season where the swell at the end of
its useful life
how can you practice and in fact there are
companies that build houses with the
woods that are profitable of those
tables
designation of origin solution to
mussel because the result is
quality that the mussel has in it
still mention of galicia and that gives you that
quality because that quality is given in
the Galician estuaries
Because of their geographies, they are considered unique
in the world as a plankton reserve and
the seedling what the mussel like
thanks to that big amount of
plankton is the way in which
we can get a mussel and from that
unsurpassed quality
the mussel production here is
amazing because you realize the
force of nature you start from
throw a rope to the sea with nothing
no mussel
After a few months in activity
mussel stuck after a few months passed
and you see that it was that the least
growing and some strings are forming
with incredible amounts of
mussel
we try to take care of him as they did
our grandparents handmade with
degradable materials and to get
that quality that today has a
armchair